Fix Adding Base Media to Custom Channels on SLL (#3086)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixed Adding Base Media to Custom Channels for SLL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Adding Base Media to Custom Channels for SUSE Liberty Linux in Client Configuration guide
```

> - Fixed Adding Base Media to Custom Channels for SUSE Liberty Linux in Client Configuration guide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed Adding Base Media to Custom Channels for SUSE Liberty Linux in
  Client Configuration Guide
```
We'll copy this 1:1 into the package's `.changes` file; thus line breaks here.

Author: Thanks. Fixed.
